[KAEDE] Huh? You're going
to Hokkaido tonight?
Mai came over to cook dinner
for us. Are you sure?
[MAI] Sakuta?
[SAKUTA] I'm sorry, Mai.
I'm going to head over
to Hokkaido
to go see Fukuyama.
[MAI] Right now?
[SAKUTA] It turns out
the only one
who can cure Nene Imamizawa's
Puberty Syndrome is him.
But I promise
that I'll make it back
for the event tomorrow.
So, please take care
of Kaede for me.
[MAI] Well, alright.
Then, I'll stay over
at your place tonight.
That actually makes me
want to rush home right now.
If you come home
Just be careful, okay?
[SAKUTA] Oh, yeah. Hey, Mai.
Huh?
[SAKUTA] I love you.
The Hamburg steaks
will char soon
so call me when you get there.
-Ready, Azusagawa?
-[SAKUTA] Hmm.
HANEDA AIRPORT
TOUKO KIRISHIMA
[♪ soft music playing]
Thanks
for lending me your phone.
No problem.
Anyways, you really don't mind
tagging along with me?
[IKUMI] If this
has something to do
with the message
from the other world
I want to see it through, too.
[indistinct announcements]
[wind blowing]
[SAKUTA] Do you recognize
this trophy?
No, not at all.
That's why I threw it away.
[SAKUTA] So you
really don't understand
you're actually Nene Iwamizawa?
I have no idea
who Nene Iwamizawa is.
Can you stop asking?
MISS CUY CONTEST
64TH GRAND PRIZE
[TOUKO] I've had enough
for today.
Go home
and throw that away, okay?
I get it now.
Her life as Nene Iwamizawa
is what she threw out.
[♪ opening theme song playing]
RASCAL DOES NOT DREAM
OF SANTA CLAUS
NO DREAMS OF SANTA CLAUS
Uh.
I didn't actually think
you'd come all this way.
I said I would, didn't I?
Sorry it's so abrupt.
[TAKUMI] No, no
One sec.
I'm gonna go call my family.
[TAKUMI] So, what's your plan?
You know
where you're staying the night
and stuff?
What's that you got
in your pocket?
A trophy.
Do you recognize it?
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
Huh.
[gasps softly]
Azusagawa.
Fukuyama, calm down
and remember.
[TAKUMI] That's not it
Huh?
[TAKUMI] Cause...
I mean...
she was...
she was ecstatic about this.
She was the grand prize winner
and she had the biggest smile.
Nene was...
[breathes shakily]
[Takumi whimpers] Why?
Why had I forgotten
about her until now?
[sobs]
[♪ sad music playing]
[SAKUTA] I'd say
this makes coming all the way
to Hokkaido worth it.
[TAKUMI] What do you think
I should do?
Well, the only thing
that can save her now
is the power
of your love, Fukuyama.
I had forgotten her
for close to a year already.
Am I even qualified
to talk about loving her?
If you aren't qualified
-So, hold yourself together.
-[chuckles]
Haven't been scolded in a while.
Hurry up
and get your girlfriend back
and she can scold you to death.
Nene sure is scary
when she's angry, though.
When I finally asked her out
she scolded me
with a "you're so late"
before saying yes.
And when you
didn't get into uni?
The first time it happened
she cried
and asked me "why not?"
But the second time she was kind
and told me
not to push myself too hard.
In her hometown
Sometimes
to do a bit of modeling work.
But then
when she moved to Tokyo
work didn't pick up
the way she had hoped.
She won first place
in the Miss Campus Contest
Yeah. Actually
she wanted to become
an announcer
for a TV station in Tokyo.
The Miss Campus Contest
was step one
and that's why
she was really happy about it.
Her singing talent was the talk
of the town.
They said she
sounded like Touko Kirishima.
That she
was just like the real thing.
But she took it literally.
And now she's saying
she is Touko Kirishima
and completely believes that
to be true.
[TAKUMI] I guess
there was just a lot
of disconnect.
There's really
only a slight disconnect
with you, as well.
So, you guys
can still figure it out.
Perhaps so.
Yes, you can.
-Hey, Azusagawa.
-Huh?
You know, I really do love Nene.
Like, I really love her.
Then make sure to say that
to her face tomorrow.
[machine buzzing]
TEA / WATER
PLEASE FEEL FREE TO DRINK
[IKUMI] Azusagawa.
[SAKUTA] Thanks a lot
for reserving
our tickets back home.
It lands in Haneda at 9:10
so we'll just barely make it
back to the event at one.
Really, Akagi.
You being here is a lifesaver.
You even researched
and found this place
for us tonight.
Well, it's because I
needed a place to stay, too.
Question, Akagi.
What's up?
[SAKUTA] What'd you think
after hearing
about Fukuyama's girlfriend?
I think it's something
that happens pretty often.
Didn't the same thing
happen to you
when you couldn't find yourself?
Or when you lost sight
of yourself?
Yeah, that's true.
I still remember it so clearly.
Back when I was in kindergarten
my friend's mom told me
"Little Ikumi
Hearing that made me happy.
And I wanted more compliments.
So I kept being good.
Thanks to that. By the time
I got to middle school
everyone laughed at me
for being way too serious.
That makes sense.
Wait, you don't really
remember that, do you?
Nah, I remember.
You erased the blackboard
cleaner than anyone else, right?
I thought that being that way
was being myself.
So back then, I never felt
it was hard to live in my shoes.
A world-class student.
And it all began
with one simple good girl.
Maybe for Nene Iwamizawa
being told "You sound
like Touko Kirishima"
was the catalyst she needed
to forge the identity
she always wanted.
Have you ever had an experience
like that?
Once before.
Someone told me
and I thought I really could.
You still believe that
to this day.
Thinking about it now
it really
is just like what you said.
Huh?
It's a common tale
that happens everywhere.
FEBRUARY 4TH
[♪ tense music playing]
[panting]
[brakes screech]
[doorbell ringing]
Azusagawa, move over.
You had a spare key on you?
Obviously, I am her boyfriend.
Hey, Nene! It's me!
I can come in, right?
Huh?
[hesitates]
She dresses up
as a miniskirt Santa, too.
So don't get freaked out
when you see her.
I'm looking forward
to seeing that.
That's the spirit!
When I last came in here
this room didn't look anything
like this, you know?
And she had her trophy placed
right here on her desk.
Uh...
FEBRUARY 4TH: POLICE CHIEF
FOR A DAY MAI SAKURAJIMA
TIME: 13:00 TO 14:00 TRAFFIC
ACCIDENT PREVENTION AWARENESS
[TAKUMI] This can't be real.
Is Nene seriously thinking
about doing something
to Sakurajima today?
[IKUMI] Does Iwamizawa
normally travel by train?
When we went to Motomachi
the other day
she rented a car.
There's a rental place
next to the station.
It's a safe bet she went there!
RASCAL DOES NOT DREAM
OF SANTA CLAUS
Akagi, I'll leave this to you
and pay you back.
[IKUMI] Got it.
[panting]
[gasps] Hey! Wait up, Nene!
Nene!
Fukuyama, watch out!
[sighs, gasps]
Nene, please listen to me!
Please, just hear me out.
[TOUKO] This is surprising.
So, you're another person
who can see me, huh?
Another person? It's me, Takumi!
Who's that?
You really have no idea.
Just what is your acquaintance
here going on about?
This guy is Takumi Fukuyama
and Nene Iwamizawa's boyfriend.
Honestly
of what you guys
are talking about right now.
I've said this before
but I am Touko Kirishima.
Yeah, okay.
If you say so, Nene
I believe you.
Can you spare me your time
I don't really have much time.
I'll be quick.
You probably
don't remember Nene
but this scarf is something
you gave me
on my first birthday
It looks all tattered.
[TAKUMI] Well, yeah.
It has been five winters
You take good care
of your things.
I kind of feel
like it's a good luck charm
so I just can't part ways
with it.
I wore it
for college entrance exams, too.
[TOUKO] Well
I failed when I
was still in high school.
I studied for a year
That was when Nene started
saying that it's bad luck
so I should throw it away.
-We had a huge argument.
-Oh.
And you really
don't have any memories
of things like that, do you?
[TOUKO] I mean, you are talking
about your girlfriend
[TAKUMI] Do you remember
that I came over here
for entrance exams
and you let me sleep over?
No, I don't.
[TAKUMI]
Or how I wore this scarf
for the third entrance exam
What were the results that time?
I got accepted.
Well, congrats.
I heard from Azusagawa
that you bought me a new scarf
the other day.
You came all the way
to the airport to give it to me.
I'm sorry I couldn't see you.
So really, it's fine
if you don't know about me.
It's only natural for me
to be forgotten as well.
But I won't forget again.
I won't give up
until you can remember
who I am. Not ever!
However long it takes.
I have no idea
what you're going on about.
I'm sorry, but I need to go now.
I've forgotten
for close to a year now!
So does that mean you and I
aren't together anymore?
Just give me one more chance!
Please, go out with me.
[TOUKO] Why?
Why?
Because I love you, Nene.
[TOUKO] Don't lie to me.
[TAKUMI] I'm not lying!
[TOUKO] Of course
that can't be true!
It's true, I swear!
I'm nothing
but a pathetic loser!
How could you possibly love me?
I came to Tokyo
full of confidence
but I didn't get any new jobs
at all!
I was merely a model, a name
who belonged to an agency.
I really thought
I could make it!
I thought
I could become someone.
But I turned out
to be a total nobody.
And as a poor, lonely loser
all I became
was a fake Touko Kirishima!
Nene
is that you?
Go ahead, Takumi. Laugh at me.
Laugh at me
because I became just a nobody!
[TAKUMI] There's no way
I can laugh at you!
[TOUKO] I'm sorry, Takumi.
Stop concerning yourself
with me.
Nene Iwamizawa
has nothing anymore.
Becoming Touko Kirishima
is my only option.
The person
I fell in love with is Nene!
Nene, just the way she is!
Who exactly is me the way I am?
If I knew
who such a fine self was
I wouldn't have any hardships.
Even if that's the case
I want to believe
that I'm more blessed
than others
I want to believe above all else
that I am someone!
[SAKUTA] You clearly
have a good grasp
-of who you are.
-[grunts softly]
You just showed exactly
who you are, Iwamizawa.
If you want to become someone
you can go ahead
and become someone
an announcer or whatever.
[TOUKO] Is that all
that you have to say?
No. There's more.
What you just said
about you
having nothing anymore.
That's an egotistical thing
to say, don't you think?
What do you mean?
[SAKUTA] Look, Iwamizawa
you clearly have Fukuyama.
You still have someone precious
that cherishes you
exactly the way that you are.
You wouldn't call somebody
like that a loser, would you?
Not when they're loved.
[TOUKO] Is that all
you want to say?
Yeah.
[sighs]
[laughs]
You can say that
with a straight face?
That I'm someone who's loved?
Honestly, Sakuta. Hearing that
from you is annoying.
Yeah. For real. Being told that
by Azusagawa is a bit annoying.
I guess you're right.
If I were capable
of thinking that way
maybe this little life of mine
would be a bit more enjoyable.
So for right now
I think I can put up
with Takumi.
[gasps, sighs]
[TAKUMI] I'm so glad
to hear that.
Come on, stand up.
Everything went well?
[SAKUTA] Can you see her too
I sure can.
I see a laughing Santa Claus
in a miniskirt.
Ah, then all's well
that ends well, I suppose.
Hold on.
I don't think
this is the end yet.
-[SAKUTA] Huh?
-I'm not the only...
Touko Kirishima.
POLICE CHIEF FOR A DAY
ACTRESS MAI SAKURAJIMA
NATIONAL TRAFFIC SAFETY
[indistinct chatter]
Takumi and I will look around
for a parking spot.
You get out here.
Thank you so much.
[FEMALE ANNOUNCER]
Hello, everyone.
Thank you all for waiting.
I believe we don't need
any introductions here.
Today, as our police chief
for a day
we have the lovely
and renowned actress
Mai Sakurajima.
[audience cheering and clapping]
Huh?
What the hell is this?
What's the matter?
You don't see them?
In front of the stage.
There are a ton
of Santa Clauses, right?
-[IKUMI] Huh? Where?
-[SAKUTA] Right there.
Over there. And there.
There's some there, too!
There are that many of them?
There's at least a hundred.
Hello, everyone
as your police chief for a day.
I was appointed today
to help increase
everyone's awareness
of traffic safety.
I'm Mai Sakurajima.
Let's go!
In fact
I actually obtained
a driver's license of my own
last year. And by doing so
I strongly feel the need
for traffic safety
and how important
it is to prevent accidents.
-Come on, get closer.
-There's room up front!
[SAKUTA]
This is because no one else
-can see the Santa Clauses.
-Huh?
[MAI] It's important
to make an effort
to create a society
with no accidents.
But if you
are unfortunately involved
in an accident, there are ways
to become an organ donor
for someone who requires help
right away.
Hey, get closer already!
[MAN] Watch it! Stop pushing!
[all exclaim]
No, Mai!
[grunts]
[mic feedback]
[all gasp]
[grunts softly]
[♪ sad music playing]
Huh?
It's all right, everyone.
Please, just try to remain calm.
It's all okay now.
Everything is fine!
Huh?
Wait, Sakuta! Stop moving!
You're okay.
[soft grunts]
[thud]
Please, call an ambulance!
Where did all these Santas
come from?
Is it a Santa event today?
What's going on?
[indistinct murmurs]
[monitor beeping]
Huh.
What are you doing here, Futaba?
I told you yesterday
that I was worried
so I'd be heading there as well.
[SAKUTA] What about Mai?
[IKUMI] It's fine.
She's all right.
The police are asking her
about what happened.
What a strange assortment
of individuals.
[RIO] Well, there's one more.
[YUUMA] Sakuta, don't go
freaking me out too much, okay?
I'm pretty sure
it's just a concussion
but have them check you out
thoroughly at the hospital.
Honestly, I didn't think
I'd be in Kunimi's care
so early in his career.
[door opens]
[TAKUMI] Hey. You okay, man?
Yep. My head's all good.
They said I could go home
after resting up for a bit.
[sighs in relief]
That means
that we'd just be in your way
if we stay here.
So, we'll head home.
What? But wait.
We just got here.
I've got to get
to the cram school
so I'll head out, too.
Azusagawa, are you okay alone?
[SAKUTA] I think I'll be fine.
My little sister's here.
Jeez, big brother!
What were you thinking?
Sorry to make you worry
about me.
Looks like there are no issues
for now, so rest assured.
The fact
that you were transported
to a hospital
is already an issue.
[gasps] There's Mr. Sakuta!
What are you guys doing here?
Kaede told me what happened.
I mentioned it to Himeji
and she said we should head
to the hospital
-during our break.
-Are you gonna be all right
Mr. Sakuta?
Yeah, I'll be fine.
The real question is
You only get an hour break.
Oh, crap! He's right.
-We gotta hurry back.
-Huh? Really? Already?
[SAKUTA] Well, I guess
we should head back, too.
Wait here just a little longer
Mai said she's driving over
and we'll be here soon.
[footsteps approaching]
[Mai pants]
[SAKUTA] Huh?
Does the wound hurt?
It's a lot better now.
You really had me freaking out
Thanks to you being there
to catch me, Mai
I managed to get away
with not hitting my head
on the ground.
I told you I'd protect you
[SAKUTA] So, what happened
to all the Santa Claus people?
[MAI] Seeing you, they came
to their senses.
The police are asking
about their circumstances
one by one.
I heard everyone
is saying the same thing.
[SAKUTA] The same thing?
[MAI] That they all thought
they were Touka Kirishima.
-[SAKUTA] Huh.
-[MAI] That's why
they were there.
Because they were concerned
about the rumor
that I was Touka Kirishima.
Luckily for me though
it's not like they wanted
to cause me any harm.
Wait, so they didn't arrange
this beforehand?
That's right. The police
seemed creeped out
by the whole thing.
Oh, I see.
In any case, I'm glad that you
were all right, Mai.
That's what I
should be saying to you.
Oh! That's right.
Nodoka said
that there was something
she wanted to tell you.
[NODOKA] Don't make big sis
worry, you dumb jerk!
I assume you weren't worried
at all then, Toyohama.
[UZUKI] I was very worried
I was so incredibly worried
that I was only able
to eat three rice balls
before our concert!
[SAKUTA] Eating three
should be more
than enough, Zukki.
Anyway, thanks for protecting
my big sis from me.
-I wonder what's going on today.
-Hmm?
I connected with a whole lot
of people I know.
The injury was terrible
but perhaps
getting to see everyone
was a good thing.
Yeah, you're right.
I guess it
was a pretty good day.
[♪ closing theme song playing]
MARCH 31ST
ANNOUNCING THOSE
THAT PASSED THE EXAM!
It's there.
[sighs]
[MIORI] Nice, Azusagawa.
Looks like you passed.
[SAKUTA] You took the test too
[MIORI] Tomorrow
is the music fest
that Mai's performing in.
People are anticipating
that she'll come out
and admit it.
[SAKUTA] She denied the rumors
on Coming of Age Day, though.
[MIORI] The rumors
have flared up again after all.
[SAKUTA] Well, most
of the self-proclaimed
Touko Kirishimas
have been eliminated
but Mai said she's going
to deny the rumors again
at the fest tomorrow.
Is she now?
In any case, who exactly
is Touko Kirishima anyway?
What kind of person
do you think she is, huh?
Well
This guy thinks
he's a real comedian. [chuckles]
[gasps]
[WOMAN] Oh, Azusagawa
THANK YOU FOR WATCHING